New York City and you're talking about
funding
violence prevention outside of the
police and yet Eric Adams has just
increased police wages by 28 percent is
that misplaced I think so we are now at
a point where officially most officers
are paid more than a teacher with a
master's degree serving these same kids
involved in these same incidents we are
defunding safety defunding our Public
Schools defunding our public pools
defunding our Parks defunding our
libraries when we are taking all of
those resources and demanding that every
single Department except the militarized
one because we are sending a message
about who and what we care about